Sv update arrow fx docs (#386)
arrow-kt/arrow-fx: arrow-docs/docs/io/README.md

### Safety / Purity / Referential transparency

So what guarantees does `IO` bring, and does `suspend` offer the same guarantees?

`IO<A>` always results in `Either<Throwable, A>` whether we run it with `unsafeRunSync` (throws Throwable), `unsafeRunAsync` or `unsafeRunAsyncCancellable`.
This is done so that any exceptions that occur within the `IO` API can be safely returned to the user, and it can be recovered from at any point in the code.
Important here is that a `Throwable` that occurs in an async thread is safely captured in the `IO` as well and can be recovered from at any point.

`suspend` always results in `Result<A>` which is isomorphic to `Either<Throwable, A>`, and it can be used to offer the same safety guarantees as `IO`.
So the `suspend` API can also always return any exception safely to the user, and it can be recovered from at any point in the code.
In contrast to `IO`, we can only find `startCoroutine` in the standard library and it's isomorphic to `unsafeRunAsync`.
Instead of `f: (Either<Throwable, A>) -> Unit` you provide `f: (Result<A>) -> Unit` to run the `suspend () -> A` program.

So `suspend () -> A` offers us the exact same guarantees as `IO<A>`.

> Both also forces us to go through certain set of methods to execute/run the effectful program.

Reviewer: Nit: 
can we mention which methods or a link to some docs? Or is this rather a narrative style to lead to the next section or topics which are discussed, if it's the latter, maybe we can make this a bit more clear.

import arrow.core.Right

inline class Id(val id: Long)
object PersistenceError

data class User(val email: String, val name: String)
data class ProcessedUser(val id: Id, val email: String, val name: String)

suspend fun fetchUser(): Either<PersistenceError, User> =
  Right(User("simon@arrow-kt.io", "Simon"))

suspend fun User.process(): Either<PersistenceError, ProcessedUser> =
  if (email.contains(Regex("^(.+)@(.+)$"))) Right(ProcessedUser(Id(1), email, name))
  else Left(PersistenceError)
```

###### IO<Either<E, A>>

 ```kotlin:ank
import arrow.fx.*

fun ioProgram(): IO<Either<PersistenceError, ProcessedUser>> =
  IO.fx {
    val res = !IO.effect { fetchUser() }

    !res.fold({ error ->
      IO.just(Either.Left(error))
    }, { user ->
      IO.effect { user.process() }
    })
  }

// Or unwrapped in `suspend`
suspend suspendedIOProgram(): Either<PersistenceError, ProcessedUser> =
  ioProgram().suspended()
 ```

##### suspend () -> Either<E, A>

```kotlin:ank
import arrow.core.computations.either

suspend fun suspendProgram(): Either<PersistenceError, ProcessedUser> =
  either {
    val user = !fetchUser()
    val processed = !user.process()
    processed
  }
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
The above two examples demonstrate how much simpler `suspend` is over its `IO` counterpart and how the `either` computation block allows us to bind values of `Either` to extract their right side all while inside `suspend`.

Arrow Fx allows to intermix effects in suspension. What otherwise would have required the `EitherT` transformer over `IO` now it can just be expressed by wrapping in `either` instead
```

Let's take our previous example from ergonomics:
 
```kotlin:ank
import arrow.fx.IO

fun number(): IO<Int> = IO.just(1)

fun triple(): IO<Triple<Int, Int, Int>> =
  number().flatMap { a ->
    number().flatMap { b ->
      number().map { c ->
        Triple(a, b, c)
      }
    }
  }
```

If we translate this piece of code to the `data class` it uses it results in the following:

```kotlin
fun number(): IO<Int> = IO.Just(1)

fun triple(): IO<Triple<Int, Int, Int>> =
  IO.Bind(IO.Just(1)) { a ->
    IO.Bind(IO.Just(1)) { b ->
      IO.Map(IO.Just(1)) { c -> Triple(a, b, c) }
    }
  }
```

So we can see that for this simple program we allocated 6 `IO` cases of the `IO` `sealed class`.
This is necessary so when you `unsafeRun` the `IO` program, it can be inspected to find out which branch of code needs to run. 

In contrast to this `suspend` can simply be wired by the Kotlin compiler, which eliminates the need for this `sealed class` and allocations.
The Kotlin compiler rewrites the suspend program to a super fast runtime which uses a switch table and mutable state machine to run the `suspend` program.

> Furthermore, the Kotlin compiler applies a bunch of optimisations that improve the speed of `suspend` even further and certains JVM .

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Furthermore, the Kotlin compiler applies a bunch of optimisations that improve the speed of `suspend` even further and certains JVM.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Furthermore, the Kotlin compiler applies a bunch of optimizations that improve the speed of `suspend` even further.
```

> Furthermore, the Kotlin compiler applies a bunch of optimisations that improve the speed of `suspend` even further and certains JVM .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, the Kotlin compiler applies other optimisations focused on the speed of `suspend` and memory usage of suspension making it suitable for hotspots and places where otherwise allocations or ADT based data types are not an option.
```
